Rapid7 Attacker KB output change (#629)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rapid7_attackerkb/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.1 - Change `output` type for Get Vulnerability and Search Vulnerabilities actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.1 - API changed for AttackerKb, add new `metadata` output type for Get Vulnerability and Search Vulnerabilities actions
```
